my boys i'm here at the season two
finals for League of Legends that I am
so excited because it's in my hometown
in LA and we don't know this is early
lives and contigo
I actually come here very often with my
friends when they watch like football
games basketball games so it's really
awesome to see you swore to actually be
at the heart of here I mean they have
the nokia center here and we have you
know people like Jo Jane when I came to
watch on the concert or here so it's
like totally mainstream so excited get
the stage
you can see at frys is helping me you
guys don't know I state gaming it's left
by a cool box excuse my dear friend so
he's I'm doing the camera for me so
we're going to take a tour so right now
it's outside for the public and this is
what's going to go on and then i have my
players pass right here and this is
going to get us into here we go and it's
going to get us into the VIP section I'm
going to take you guys into the ESPN
zone like I said normally this is more
like real sports but now the legend has
taken over so we're going to go in here
this is where players so here's your hat
right right hook me up so we're going to
go up and we're probably gonna pass by a
lot of your favorite players many
different teams like that's taking up
sealing geez here and everyone's here so
we have from Taiwan Korea Europe
and you guys going to get a peek right
so first we're gonna go in here
get like a stacked bar and then here's
where some of the players are playing
and then if you took a peek down right
now you see all this one is playing
right now you have your baseball that
dog whatever the main event at that time
we have all these different sections and
you know people come here to chill with
their friends like I said it really
often informally kind of the breath I'm
sorry um but earlier they were actually
playing league of legends so I mean
that's like groundbreaking history you
know like I said it's cool
real sports and now you are so much like
the first step to becoming nation so I'm
really excited and then if you take a
peek over here there's more so there's
more player places so we're going to go
upstairs there's a lot of players having
fun read so we're going to go upstairs
right now and that's where most of the
magic is
remember there's a secret place where
all the magic happens and that's because
there's a step for food and you guys
don't look at food so they catered
really well you can provided by lunch
and dinner for all the players the
managers as well they made sure that you
know they have a nice to sleep and then
they have their belly
I'm going to hold the rails because I'm
like the most clumsy person ever that's
probably eat it without it so we're
going to learn a lot of players
as you can see it's a riot employee
vendor staff time he'll be restrictive
only for paula's you're going to see a
bottom right
starcraft two one more and all that
there was one of the legends that's
actually where I'm gonna kick rises but
like really badly I'm like the queen of
air hockey Grandmaster ring one easily
somewhere to lay down later see a lot of
players are playing our cake
telling me to do it oh my first thing
right I did it are you surprised oh yeah
I'm gonna say this is probably when Tom
Brady feeling like a norm this is so
small compared to a real life but just
kidding I don't feel like shadows those
basketballs are actually a real size
gospel and I wouldn't feel like Shaq and
they have a little mini police
and the best thing about this and it's
all free we don't have to like swipe our
card usually there's a game card that
you have to swipe for your tokens and
then it'll credit you so you can play
but now Oh quick us all entering the
integer boo
lq on the table man oh no i actually
won't wait so late